LICENSE AGREEMENT for Shortcuts for Framer

Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) owns all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property and other proprietary rights, in and to the Shortcuts for Framer library (the “Software Library”). Subject to your compliance with these terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free copyright license to (1) use and copy the Software Library; and (2) reproduce and distribute the Software Library as part of your own framework (“Your Software”). Facebook reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this license agreement.

THE LIBRARY AND DOCUMENTATION, IF ANY, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL FACEBOOK OR ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE LIBRARY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You will include in Your Software (e.g., in the file(s), documentation or other materials accompanying your framework): (1) the disclaimer set forth above; (2) this sentence; and (3) the following copyright notice:

Copyright (c) 2014, Facebook, Inc. All rights reserved.